when the ops tempo increases. First, foremost get the word out to your
team. To division should stop would where we want to get the word out
because no one wants You need a pair of people, so they could be
ready to ramp up to it. And there are going to be times. Okay, we're
going to be doing unwrapped tomorrow morning, followed by a refueling.
Okay, there we go. All right, The plane. Our house. Okay, that's
high up step over that day. I sure hope it's a Saturday, so I could
take off on somebody. You have a light duty day on Sunday, but you
can't bail on some days at sea being a day off. Hopefully, there are
some times, hopefully something that you took out, you could wind up
spending Sunday afternoon in the Bering Sea. And they always over
on the bridge, in which case you're not taking off. On some day, you
try to make sure that the ship it's ready and obstinate. Bo doesn't
change this ship. Appreciator machinery. Yeah, off. Simple high up
several puts that effect on you as a original. Sir. You have to make
sure that that machinery doesn't quit. Betty, come off one do you do
for claimants and bring it back up on four, right? And then just run
ops, tempo, effects, hops person, and you're gonna go through periods
of it. But first of all, the way to be ready for is to get down
and then excuse me with a smile. No one likes it that that's a commission.